If    only         could    have    come    up    with    the    right 
   words    to    describe    the    depth    of    this    beautiful  
  feeling    that         have    for    you          would    have    
whispered    them    to    you    the    first    time    we    met.   
 The    best    thing    that         can    do    is    to    show   
 you    now.         love    you    so    much     Sweetie.    You   
 are    the    best...    thing    that    ever    happened    to    
me.    You    are    like    the    best    poetry    ever    composed 
    the    best    song    ever    played     the    best    picture... 
   ever    painted.         never    thought    that    someone    like 
   me    could    get    so    lucky!         love    you    more    than  
  my    life     more    than    my    world.         love    you    more 
   and    more    each    day    and    that    is    the    most    wonderful 
   feeling    any    man    can    ever    hope    to    experience.    Forever 
   Yours Everything    you    do    for    me    reassures    me    that       
  am    appreciated.         want    you    to    know    that    you    mean  
  so    much    to    me.    From    the    first    day    we    met     you  
  were    determined    to    get    to    know    me.    At    first         
 was    skeptical    about    you    because    of    your    persistence    
 but...    you    quickly    grew    on    me.         want    you    to   
 know    that    every    moment    we've    spent    together    since   
 that    first    day    holds    a    special    place    in    my    heart...   
      was    afraid...    at    first    that    if         let    you    in  
    regret    it     but            regretted    a    single    moment.    I  
  trust    you     and    I    know    be    there    for    me    no    matter  
  what      I    trust    that    you   be    faithful    to    me    and    that 
   you    won    hurt    my    heart      You    tell    me    how    you    want 
   only    the    best    for    me      You    tell    me    how    beautiful  
  I    am      You    tell    me    how    you    love    every    curve...    of   
 my    body...    You    just    make    me    feel    extra    special;    make
    me    feel    a    sense    of    warmth    inside      I    want    you  
  to    know    that    I    love    you    for    this!    I    love    you 
   for    being    so    caring    and    genuine      I    love    you    for 
   everything    you've    done    for    me      I    love    you    for  
  the    happiness    and    joy    you    bring    to    my    life...    I 
   love    you    for    you!    We       even    need    to    talk    to  
  communicate    with    each    other      By    just    being    together 
    holding    hands     or    cuddling     we    can    sense    each    
other    thoughts    and    inner    feelings      I    want    you    to 
   know    that    I    want    the    best    for    you    as    well 
     I    want    you    to    succeed    and    I    want    all    your 
   dreams    and    fantasies    to    come    true      I    know    that  Angel coconut oranges peaches cream fuity tingly feeling 
  in    me    you    see    a    young    woman    full    of    kindness 
    understanding     and    compassion      A    young    woman    with  
  an    open-heart      A    young    woman    who    puts    a    smile  
  on    your    face    everyday      I    will    be    that    woman   
 who's    there    for    you    just    as    youre    there    for    me 
    the    one    who    encourages    you    through    lifes    ups
    and    downs      But    ultimately     I    want    to    be    the  
  woman    who    is    your    everything      Not    an    hour    goes 
   by    that    I       think    about    you      You    have    brought 
   so    much    joy    to    my    life    and    you    give    me    so

    much    to    look    forward    to    when    I    wake    up    every 
   morning      I    want    you    to    know    that    I    sincerely
    appreciate    you    and    I    can    never    tell    you    enough 
   that    I    LOVE...    YOU!   Love    always Thanks    for    being   
 there    when    I    needed    a    shoulder    to    lean    on     for
    patiently    listening    to    my    personal    problems      Baby  
   I    just    want    you    to    know    how    happy    am    I    to
    have    you    in    my    life    and    I    thank    God    for   
 that      Thank    you    for    the    love ...    and    the    joy 
   you    bring    You ve    changed    my    life     Baby      You re  
  the    only    boyfriend    who    gives    my    heart    some   
 excitement    and    thrills      When    I m    with    you    I
    feel    like    I m    out    of    control!    You    taught  
  me    how    to    handle    life    seriously     you    taught  
  me    how    to    solve    my    problems    and    to    face   
 it    without    any    fear...    when    I'm    with    you     I 
   feel    no    fear     not    even    a    single    one      I   
 know    that    when    you    say    you    love    me    and    I 
   admit    that   I ve   fallen...    for    you     I    know    that 
   I   wouldn t   shed    any    tears...    from    now    on      I   
 love    you    and    thats    what    I    want    you    to    bear
    in    your    mind     and    its    for    keeps      Yours    and   

 only    yours There    are    no    words    that    I    can    speak... 
    no    song    that    I    can    sing     and    no    gesture    that  
  I    can    show     to    prove    my    love    for    you     for    the 
   love    I    have    for    you    has    no    definition      How    can
    I    describe    the    sheer    joy    I    feel    with    the    very 
   thought    of    you?    How    simply    hearing    your    voice    causes 
   my    heart    to    beat    faster     my    pulse    to    race  
  and    my    smile    to    widen      How    can    just    one    person 
f   give    me    so    much    hope    for    a    future  My Honey,
admirer 
adoration 
adore 
affection 
affectionate 
amorous 
angel 
balloons... 
beau 
beloved 
be mine 
betrothed 
bouquet 
bow and arrow 
box of chocolates 
boyfriend 
candy 
card 
carnation 
charmed... 
cherish 
cherub 
chocolate 
courting 
courtship 
crazy 
crush 
Cupid 
darling 
Saint Valentine 
secret admirer 
sentimental 
smitten 
St. Valentine 
suitor 
sweetheart... 
sweets 
date 
dear 
decorate 
desire 
devotion 
doves 
embrace 
enamored 
endearment 
envelope... 
Eros 
fall in love 
unrequited love 
tenderness 
tulips 
true love 
February 
fiancée 
flame 
wild about 
woo 
wooer 
valentine 
Valentines day 
flirt 
flowers 
party...
red 
romance 
romantic 
rose 
yearning 
passion 
suckilng
bird
pretty
skin
smell
odor
lust
compassion
care
cat
bone
nestle
cuddle
spoon
ye'
heart
pink
aroma
frost
face
eyes
hair
ruffle
bed
covers
underneath
garments
choice
pink 
poem 
presents 
pants 
fondness 
forget-me-nots 
like 
love 
lovebirds... 
lovesick 
moonstruck 
fourteenth 
friend 
infatuation 
kiss 
friendship 
gift 
girlfriend 
greeting...
heart 
heartthrob
holiday 
?
?
?
?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
honey 
hug 
greeting card   I    have    always    dreamed    of?    You    have    opened    my    heart    and    awakened    my    soul    You    are    my    one  

























Admirable Worthy of admiration; exciting, diserving, exquisite, wicked, great, brilliant, out of this world



Adorable Inspiring great affection; beautiful, candid, dreamy, hevenly, suave, delightful



Affectionate Having great affection; attached, caring, warm, sympathetic, tender, partial, kind, devoted, nutty about


Alluring Powerfully attractive; captivating, charming, tempting, seductive, pleasant, stunning, interesting, inviting, win over



Awesome    Overwhelming feeling; breathtaking, formidable, astonishing, impressive, magnificent, wondrous, something else



Beautiful    Enchanting the senses; angelic, appealing, classic, cute, pretty, splendid, superb, graceful, ideal, good looking



Beloved Dear to the heart; darling, esteemed, favorite, hollowed, sweet, precious, well-liked



Bright    Fill with light; clear, brilliant, translucent, cheerful, favorable, intelligent, glazed, sparkling, distinguished, magnificent, shining



Caring    Regard highly; charitable, protecting, enjoyable,looking over



Charming    Power of pleasing; amiable, desirable, likable, glamorous, delicate, enchanting, eye catching



Commitment    To give in trust; promise pledge, involvement, assurance, vow, word, undertaking   



Our commitment we could not fulfill, make me very sad.



Cuddly    Holding close in an affectionate manner; captivating, embracing, agreeably, appealing, endearing,



Cute    Pleasingly pretty; delightful, adorable, nice, rare, lovable, dainty





Dazzling    Overpowering by intense light; splendid, sparkling, brilliant, sensational, luminous, astonishing



Darling    A person beloved by another; cute, delectable, dear, heavenly, luscious, appealing, sexy,



Delicious    Extremely enoyable; delectable, appealing, captivating, charming



Divine    Extraordinarily good and pleasant; angelic, blissful, marvelous, mystical, hollowed, splendid, superlative



"There's no doubt your marvelous body is a divine design."





Elegant    Tatesfully fine or luxurious; delicate, artistic, magestic, stylish



Embellish    Making something more attractive with additional decorative details; beautify, dress up, enrich, garnish, prettify



Enchanting    Attracting strongly; delectable, lovely, ravishing, charmed



Exceptional    Unusually good; remarkable, special, unique, extraordinary








Fabulous    Extremely good; astonishing, breathtaking, immense, fantastic, marvellous, superb, cool, greatest, terrific, mind-blowing



Fascinating    Possessing the power to charm; allure, bewitch, enchant, enamore, mesmerize



Frendly    Caracteristic of befitting a friend; affectionate, beneficial, attached, kind, helpful, favorably, inclined, amicable, cordial





Harmonious    Forming a pleasingly sound to the ear; amicable, dulcet, melodic, peaceful, sympathetic, musical, friendship



Honey    A beloved person; baby, boyfriend, fiance, heartbeat, inamorato, love of my life, significant other


Incomparable    Matchless or unequaled; exceptional, peerless, inimitable, supreme, unique, beyond compare, top notch



Immortal    Always to be remembered; everlasting, eternal, constant, glorious, evergreen, permanent, timeless, illustrious, glorious,elasting


Joyful    Full of happiness; felicity, pleasure, cheerful, glad, jubilant, lighhearted, merry, radiant



Our joyful moments knew no boundaries.



Kindly    Sympathetic attitude toward another; gentle, benevolent, attentive, mellow, thougthful, warmhearted, good nature



Kiss    Inviting to touch lips slightly; cuddly, flirtatious provoking, seductive, butterfly



"I remember our first kiss, the one that took my breath away"



List Of Romantic Words From  To 






Life    The existence of an individual; energy, entity, enthusiasm, impulse, essence, woman, lifestyle, jurney



"In my life, there's been no-one like him, anywhere",  Les miserables    



If loving you was Wrong then I don't want to be Wright",  by Siso Brendan 



Light    A person who's inspire by another; vivid, brilliant, bright, radiant, lambent, glowing, lustrous



Love    Passionate affection for someone, amour, appreciation, enjoyment, ferver, attachment, delight, fascination, charming, belove, engaging, desire, feeling   



"Say you love me," "You know I do",  the phantom of the opera    



Loyal    Showing continuous faithfulness toward a person; attached, devoted, trustworthy, amicable, good, helpful, kind, peaceful, cordial





Mesmerize    To compel by fascination; magnetize render, catch up, enchantment


Passion    An intense emotion; romantic, affection, enthusiasm, ardent, erotic, wistful, desirous, hot, sexy

chemistry chemistry science chemistry iron bonding bond together chemistry chemistry inbetween between our are are are us us us flower bird smell hair

Precious    Highly important; cherished, adored, dearly, beloved, refined, affectedly, nice, exquisite



Pretty    Pleasing to the senses; cheerful , charming , beautiful , delightful , cute , dainty , delicate , elegant, lovely, nice , nite, tatesful, handsome



Proud    Thinking well over oneSelf or someone because of an accomplishment; gorgeous, rewarding, contented, honored, glad, impressive, magestic, memorable



Radiant    Sending out intense joy and happiness; bleaming, blissful, cheerful, ecstatic, glad, joyful, glowing



Romantic    Given to thoughts and feelings of love; adventurous, daring, enchanting, fascinating, glamorous, mysterious, loving, passionate, sentimental































  and    only    true    love    That    is    how    I    know    that    our    love    is    everlasting